Docs update (#4939)
demisto/content: README.md

### Creating an Integration
Let's look at Demisto and get started on your first integration.

[Follow the steps here to learn about the Demisto IDE](docs/getting_started)

### Code Conventions
The Demisto Code Conventions will help you understand how we format our Integrations and some of the tips and tricks we have developed over the years.

[Learn about the Demisto Code Conventions](docs/code_conventions)
 
### Context and Outputs
The Demisto platform relies heavily on collecting data from various endpoints (integrations) and creating a "Context" for them. This allows customers to be able to use the data to perform various tasks they may need to accomplish.

[Click here to learn about Context and Outputs](docs/context_and_ouputs)

### Context Standards
When we are working with data that is generic across all platforms, we format them according to our context standards. This helps integrations work interchangeably inside other playbooks.

[Learn about our Context Standards here](docs/context_standards)

### Docker

> We use docker to run python scripts and integrations in a controlled environment. You can configure an existing docker image form the [Demisto Docker Hub Organization](https://hub.docker.com/u/demisto/) or create a new docker image to suite your needs. More about how to use Docker is available here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use docker to run python scripts and integrations in a controlled environment. You can configure an existing docker image from the [Demisto Docker Hub Organization](https://hub.docker.com/u/demisto/) or create a new docker image to suite your needs. More information about how to use Docker is available here:
```
